

 
THE 5 TREASURES 
An adventure for Martial Havoc  
 
On the Flat-top mountain two fiends threaten the travellers: 
Senior King Gold Horn and Junior King Silver Horn, human eater 
demons. In the Lotus Flower cave, where they live protected by 
devil servants, are kept 5 magic treasures. 
 
Event table, roll every time you enter an area: 
⚀Ambush! ⚁ ⚂Encounter ⚃⚄ Safe exploration  ⚅Hint 
 
Encounters 
for Event=⚀⚁⚂ roll for the creature encountered in the area 
read this part only if your PG gets information about the 
area or with Event roll=Hint 
 
Flat-top mountain 
 
A wild and vast territory covered with pines and willow trees, 
deep valleys and steep rocks, difficult paths for horses. In the 
distance an axe at work and the animals running on craggy ridges. 
 
Encounters: ⚀⚁⚂ Woodgatherer ⚃⚄Ogre ⚅ Junior King 
 
 Old poem "Towering peaks, Tapered pinnacles. Down in the 
deep, winding stream, Beside the lonely cliff" 
  
Cave entrance 
A shut wooden gate hidden by a willow tree; painted in red :       
蓮花洞 
A stream falls  slowly silent, swallowed by the mountain.  
Shrill voices come from the inside. 
 
Encounters: ⚀ Devil servant ⚁⚂⚃ Ogre ⚄⚅Junior King  
 
 Ogres go out hunting for travellers once a day 
 
 
 
Attendants room  
 
The room serves as entrance to the locked Private Quarters, a 
kitsch display case contains the finest  tea set, right next to it, on a 
pedestal a jade vase is guarded by at least one of the personal 
Senior King’s attendants.  
 
Encounters: ⚀⚁ Skillful Beast ⚂⚃ Dexterous Ghost ⚄⚅ Both 
 
 The attendants have already tested Senior King’s patience. 
Next mistake they will get punished 
 
 
 
Dining Hall  
 
The cave vault is high and  the torches barely illuminate the entire 
area, a long stone table with two stone thrones . The room is busy 
with devil servants running to and from the kitchen.  
 
Encounters: ⚀⚁⚂⚃ Devil servant ⚄ Junior King ⚅ Senior King 
 
 Junior King would take a nap here if he overdrank wine. 
 
Storage room  
 
A dark room, a faint light from nearby areas illuminates the floor: 
a mess of boxes, crates,  trunks filled with tools, servants’ clothes, 
herbs and dried food. 
A source of light could  show  the shelves: utensils, plates, cups and 
recipients;  gourds, jugs  and vases of all dimensions. 
 
Encounters: Devil servants 
One of the  treasures looks like an ordinary gourd bottle. 
 
Women quarter  
 
The door is decorated with ivory bas-reliefs: a rich sedan chair 
followed by a troop of marching she-devils. A protruding hand 
with a golden decoration. 
 
Inside: an old woman is sitting on a chair, a white silk scarf 
wrapped around her head and jewels studded her golden earrings. 
A she-devil servant is  combing her hair.  
  
Encounters: Old Vixen and  she-Devil servant 
 
 The old lady is the demons’ adoptive mother. She knows the 
spells to control the Dazzling Golden Cord 
 
 
 
 

 
Kitchen  
 
A steady fire fuels a boiling pot, little devils bustle about amidst  
chopped ingredients and sauces, knives wielded by steady hands. 
The smoke rises toward an opening in the ceiling that goes up inside 
the  mountain. 
 
Soaked in the pool at the back, hidden from the entrance,  there’s 
a man tied up, he is trembling and murmuring a prayer. 
 
Encounters: Devil servants 
The man is a MONK, captured to be eaten by the Senior King 
and prolong his life 
 
Chieftain quarter  
 
The  Senior King’s private area is entered through a paper sliding 
door. 
 Inside: a golden screen decorated with a fan wrapped in flames 
hides the bed; on the other side of the room there’s a lectern with 
several scattered sheets. 
    
Encounters: ⚀⚁⚂⚃Senior King ⚄⚅ Empty 
By interpreting what is written on the sheets, you come to 
how two of the treasures work.  
 
 
Encounters 
 
DEVIL SERVANT SKILL:5 END:7 ATT:1 
Sneaky minion, easily frightened if alone (use the Oracle  for the 
number of devils) 
Special skill: Surround (3) Sneak attack (2) 
LOOT: ⚀⚁⚂ junk ⚃⚄ simple weapon ⚅  
 
DEXTEROUS GHOST SKILL:7 END:8 ATT:1 
A spirit servant, quick yet clumsy. 
Special skill: evanescence (2), immaterial charge (4) 
LOOT: private quarter’s key 
 
JUNIOR KING SILVER HORN SKILL:9 END:15 ATT:1 
Cunny demon, master swordsman. He takes orders only from his 
elder brother. 
Special skill:  Shapeshifting (4) levitation (3) 
 LOOT: seven-star sword 
 
MONK SKILL:4 END:5 ATT:1 
Unlucky traveller with a vegetarian diet.  
Curse (3), Exorcism (1)  
LOOT: ⚀⚁rosary ⚂⚃baoding balls ⚄⚅elixir 
 
OGRE SKILL:6 END:13 ATT:3 
Half human brute with long fangs. 
Bite (2), Sweep (1) 
LOOT: Spear 
 
OLD VIXEN SKILL:8 END:5 ATT:1 
 Animal spirit in the appearance of an old lady.   
Special skill: Tightening spell (4) charm (2) 
LOOT:Dazzling Golden Cord 
 
SENIOR KING GOLDEN HORN SKILL:9 END:18 ATT:4 
Lord of the cave; sturdy demon with helmet, breast plate and a 
cloak of red silk. 
Special skill: Magic flames (4) Call to arms! (4)  
LOOT: Plantain fan 
 
SKILLFUL BEAST SKILL:7 END:13 ATT:5 
A monsterlike devil with fighting quality,  but not a sharp mind 
Special skill: somersault leap (3), whirlwind attack (2) 
LOOT: private quarter’s key 
 
WOODGATHERER SKILL:5 END:8 ATT:5 
They know the mountain, but living in a dangerous place made 
them irritable. 
Special skill: axe throwing (3), chopping strike(2)  
LOOT: Great Bear scripture [recited keeps beasts away] 
 
 
 
 
 
The 5 Treasures 
 
Read this if you want to know  the treasure’s way of working: 
 
 
Gold and red gourd : if opened it will swallow the sky, 
changing day to night. Close it to have the daylight back. 
 
 
Dazzling Golden Cord: with  a spell it moves to tie a 
person. Another spell unties. It can’t be cut with 
normal weapons. 
   
 
Vase of muttonfat jade: remove the label and call out a 
person’s name, if they respond they’ll be  trapped 
inside.  
 
 
Plantain Fan: it creates magic-fire’s waves 
inextinguishable using conventional methods. 
 
 
Seven-star sword: magical and indestructible weapon. 
It can block hits from stronger enemies without any 
effort from the holder. 
 
 
 
 
License 
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ 
 
Writing  by Gianluca Monaco 
Icons: https://limofeus.itch.io/handdrawniconpack 
Cave map: https://watabou.itch.io/cave-generator 